user in a new tab. See we have 590 users in this system right now. We are going to create more users today. So from here we can create a new user. This icon is basically for personalizing the list. What all columns you want to display. Like this is the selected columns. If we want to add more columns we can add from here. Like I am saying first name. So see this first name come over here. I am just setting it in position where I want to display it. I say ok. Once I personalize the list, see the first name is displaying over here. It means this particular grey icon is used to customize this. What you want to see, what you want to remove from here. And this is basically filtration. That what all records you can create your own query over here. Let's say I am saying that active is true. Means those users are active. Active is true. Display to me. So it will display me all the users those who are active. See. So it will filter the results. So this is basically used for filtration. This is basically used for personalization. So these two functionality you will get for each and every list view in service now. So now let's come back to users. So I am going to create a new user. Click on this new button. So once you click on new button, see we have a form available. So we have to fill this form. So as I told you that earlier that to create a user a person need a ITIL role or a user underscore admin role. Right. To create a user. So user ID is basically a login ID. So I am saying I am giving a demo. So I am saying demo user. The first name is first. Last name is demo. The name you can give any name. Title if you want to give this is not mandatory. So I'm not giving it. See this is mandatory and this is not mandatory. Department I am not giving. I am saying password 123. Password needs reset. If I check it, it means when the person login the system, this user first time login the system, then he need to reset the password. This logged out basically if I checked it, it means user is active in the system, but he cannot do any login. If I click on this, this basically happens like if a person enters a password more than three times along password, then the system get locked out. Means he had to reset the password and then he can log into the system. Active is basically means he is in the organization. He is active user. If I unchecked it, it means that he is not active. So he is no more in the organization. So basically when the person gave an interview for system administration, then interviewer ask them what is the difference between a locked out and an active or inactive. So person has to explain that locked out user is basically the user who is active in the system, but anyhow he cannot log into the system. And inactive means the person is no more in the organization. Here we have web service access only. We are doing some integration or something and we don't want to give a interface access only web service access, then we can use these check boxes. Email ID of a user, I'm saying like demo user at the rate demo.com. If you want to give a manager of a person, then you can give the name accordingly. Language, calendar integration, time zone, that you can select accordingly. Business, I have given the business phone, mobile phone. Now I'm just saving it. See once I click on save, see data gets saved and new more related list and related links get introduced. View subscription, reset a password, see roles, groups, delegate, skills, subscription, manage subscription. So here is roles. So if we want to give a role to a particular person, then we can give a role from here. We can click on edit button. Okay. We can see what role we want to give to a user. We can select a role from here. Let's say this and then move this role by using this and then we can give a role to a user. When we save this, then this role is assigned to that user. So currently I'm not giving a role because first we have a descending of role and then we can work on this giving a role and all. Okay. So currently I'm only creating a user. See it is not assigned to any group. So that's why the group is not mentioned over here. Okay. So in this way we can create a user. Okay. So see I have not given any role to a user even though I have not assigned this user to any group. So let's log in with this user and let's see what kind of interface he can see. So I copied this user ID and I am logging to this instance through this user. Okay. So here, getting like this, the password was 123. I'm just clicking on login. See, once I click on login, see this person now have access of our ServiceNow instance. Okay. See, but the application which is available for him is only self-service password is set connect live feed. Self-service basically kind of like an employee self-service through which he can create a request. Okay. Through which he can work on knowledge or he can create a quotient or something and there are some other like incident to create an incident. Okay. So he can create the tickets like request incident knowledge for himself only. Okay. He cannot work for others through this access. Okay. So here the person does not have any role. So he is an ESS user only. Okay. Without any role. Now, this is a user. Now let's talk about rules. So same as in user administration, see we have rules or you can tab rule over here. Okay. The same menu you will get. So let's open this role in a new tab. Okay. See, we have different rules available over here. So role is basically to specify that what different users and user group can see and do in ServiceNow instance. Okay. So here from here we can get a new role. So in ServiceNow there are different types of rules such as like a base system rules, special administrator rules, custom rules and read only rules. So base system rules is a role which is by default provided by ServiceNow. Okay. And the custom rules are the rules which we are going to create now. Okay. And some system administrator role are basically a base system rule, but it is kind of an admin role like a business underscore rule underscore admin, like a client underscore script underscore admin. These are basically a system administrator role. So this provide access to a user to work on a client scripts to work on a business rules. And the read only role like a snc underscore read underscore only which is provided to a user if we want that he can only read the things. Okay. So these are basically four categorizations of rules. Okay. Base system rule, special administrator rule, custom rule and read only rule. Okay. So whatever rule we will create from here that is basically a custom rule. Okay. So to create a role click on new. Once you click on here so you can give a role name. Let's say I'm saying u underscore demo role. The best way is to u underscore so that you can identify that what is the custom role, what is the base role. So the best practice is that whenever you are giving a role give us u underscore. In case if you are working in some different company, then they must be having some specific format to define that what is the custom role. Okay. Subscription required I'm saying now, unspecified. Okay. Application global. Application is basically that what all access, what all application must be having this role. Okay. This is elevated privilege role. So elevated privilege role is basically a role which is given to a person for a particular time like half an hour, for an hour. Okay. So if I check this checkbox, that means it's an elevated privilege role which admin can give to any person. Okay.