See, now here in created list you can see that this role is assigned to which group. See here, demo group. So this way we can assign a role to a group. Now, if we align a user to this group then what will happen? See, this is demo first user which I have created earlier. So what I am going to do, I am adding this user to this group. So to adding a user, navigate to group members, click on add it. And you can select a user from here. So let's say demo user. See first demo and then click on save. See, when I click on save, see group member first demo. The username is displayed under group member. Role is getting displayed over here. Now let's see I am refreshing this role. Then it will give us a username as well. See, once I refresh this, see username also populated over here. Because we have given this role to a particular user through the group. Getting my point? So now user is also getting displayed, group is also getting displayed. Now this user must also having this role. I am refreshing this user. Where is the role? See this here, it get added. So in this way, the best practice is that, whenever we have to assign a role to a user, what we will do, we will add a user to that group, the group which is having that role. So this group is having this role. Add this user to this group, automatically the role is assigned to a user. So in this way, we can add user to a group. Now let's see how we can remove role from user, how we can remove role from group. Removing is same, that if you want to remove a role from a group, navigate to role, click on edit. Select the role which you want to revoke, move it back. Now this become blank, click on save. See, role is revoked now. This group having a group member, but does not have any role now. So if I refresh this, see this is the group. Now, so if I refresh this role page now, see, user is removed, group is removed. Because the group does not have any role, that means user does not have any role. So in this way, we can remove the role as well. And the same way, we can also remove the role from the user, click on edit. Select the role, go back, see, role is revoked. So in this way, we can assign roles, we can remove roles, we can create user, we can create roles, we can create groups. If we are creating a user, that user will get saved in a table which name is sys under score user, the role which we are creating over here will get saved into sys underscore user underscore role. And whatever group we are creating over here will get saved into sys underscore user underscore group. So these are basically the three tables where users, roles and groups, whatever we are creating in a system, getting saved. So friends, this is all for this video. So I hope this video helps you to understand that how we can create users, roles and groups and how we can assign roles to groups and how we can assign roles to user. So soon I will be posting a next video of this ServiceNode training session. So this is all for this ServiceNode training session 1. So if you have not subscribed my channel, then please do it. So if you have not subscribed my channel, then please do subscribe my channel and please do not forget to click on a bell icon so that you can receive a notification that what all videos I am going to post in future. Thank you friends. Have a nice day. Bye bye.